[MRG] Update expertsuisse: text (#219)
BlockSigner/cove: site/content/english/expert-suisse.md

{{% content %}}
{{% heading %}}

> # Free signing with Skribble <br class="hide-for-mobile">until the end of the year for EXPERTsuisse members. From the 1st January 2020

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Free signing with Skribble <br class="hide-for-mobile">until the end of the year for EXPERTsuisse members. As of January 2020
```
